c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\obj\Debug\RM-ProteinAggregator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\bin\Debug\RM-ProteinAggregator.exe.config
c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\bin\Debug\RM-ProteinAggregator.exe
c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\bin\Debug\RM-ProteinAggregator.pdb
c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\bin\Debug\Chemistry.dll
c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\bin\Debug\ManagedThermoHelperLayer.dll
c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.dll
c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\bin\Debug\mzIdentML.dll
c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\bin\Debug\MzLibUtil.dll
c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\bin\Debug\MzML.dll
c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\bin\Debug\pepXML.dll
c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\bin\Debug\Proteomics.dll
c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\bin\Debug\Spectra.dll
c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\bin\Debug\Thermo.dll
c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\bin\Debug\UsefulProteomicsDatabases.dll
c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\bin\Debug\MassSpectrometry.dll
c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\bin\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.xml
c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\obj\Debug\RM-ProteinAggregator.exe
c:\users\artemis\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RM-ProteinAggregator\RM-ProteinAggregator\obj\Debug\RM-ProteinAggregator.pdb
